So in the last lecture I explain how you can handle errors.
It's easy to call back.
But what about promises to show it.
Let's code words to code.
And the next of you fall in the Post's folder to a promise based code.
Now here I will create my own promise and a promise constructor requires a function.
In this case the arrow function which receives the rissoles and reject functions which in turn execute.
Inside of this function to indicate that you are done or not.
So then you can grab sets timeout here like that and you pass it inside this function and most of the
time you don't need to construct promises on your own but you use libraries like ex-US that return preconstructed
promises anyways.
And that is what we will do later too.
But let's not say here reconstructing our own promise.
It wraps our async code and in that async code here we now resolve our value.
So here I resolve I called rissoles and passed my javascript object just as before with the callback
method.
But now with the default promised resolve method and if we had an error I would call reject instead.
But here let's stick to the success case.
And then I would have a then block added to that.
So then also listens for this to work.
And here I get back my data.
You can named as argument whatever you want.
And now here's the important thing.
You'll need to return to promise.
This tells Nax that it should wait for it to resolve and once it resolved you return the data that should
be merged with the average component data.
So here you are to turn what you previously added as the second method in your callback function.
So does object with the loaded posts key.
So in my case here this is awls of data I resoled.
So I can simply return data.
But if you had other data and wanted to pull out some properties you would return a new object and just
map the data as needed.
Now what that finished and for to work we need to remove that second argument.
Because if we actively receive it next we'll wait for us to call it and we never call it because we
now are used to a promise based approach.
But with that Remove that the promise returned.
Let's go back to our app and let's actually load slash posts here.
And now you see below that's what that works ask before.
And if we wanted to throw an error all we'd have to do is instead of calling rissoles now just commented
out and actually call reject and create a new error there and then here in the catch block we could
simply forewards dead if we wanted to handle it somewhere.
Let me also comment out sometime.
Now this will instantly Frot an error whenever we reload this page as you can see.
Now I will revert this but this shows you how you can actually use the promised base approach.
And as I said you really create the promises on your own.
Most of the time you get them preconstructed by package shows like X yes.
Still this is what happens under the hood if you use a promise return it if you use to call back call
it.
And with that let's move on and let's see how Buick's fits into the picture.